i
I think the audience is going to love this
character not because it's me but
because it falls here already has a lot of power
he has a lot of autonomy has a lot
decision within the within
history and its presences or its uses
interventions in each scene are
punctual short but very intense and for
that I feel that it's going to be a character
unforgettable
the justiciero like that they are under
her rules because she is the goddess of the
land and also the water then for
pa to be able to pass any authority
they have to ask her permission but
if that law is violated at any time
she has in her kingdom
she will do justice no matter how
I am having more fun because he
rehearsed first how one is awkward in the
dance I imagine that all my
dancers who are behind all my
roommates plus my teacher
Paula must be having a lot of fun
with the things that I do because the
first steps are super clumsy and you
you know how a robot
the production team and the directors
of actors within the production
They are also very cool, they all have
that point or that common factor that is like
the good wave the good energy and the
willingness to do a good job and that
It is beautiful everything that works with good
energy on stage feels and the
people perceive it receives them and applauds
pirate of mermaids the heart of neptune
It is ideal for children and family
complete go see it for a simple
reason in these times lack the
productions for children lack the
interesting children's proposals for
that children develop values ​​and in
this case with art with a super
stage of the theater with a
overproduction behind a wonderful
wardrobe and a great will of all
the actors and those who are involved
I think it's the best way for a
full family receive through
art and fun a nice message
but I want our is to shut up
better go to the theater